# Play-Store-App-Review-Analysis
In today’s scenario I can see that mobile apps playing an important role in any individual’s life. It has been seen that the development of the mobile application advertise has an incredible effect on advanced innovation. Having said that, with the consistently developing versatile application showcase there is additionally an eminent ascent of portable application designers inevitably bringing about high as can be income by the worldwide portable application industry.
With enormous challenge from everywhere throughout the globe, it is basic for a designer to realize that he is continuing in the right heading. To hold this income and their place in the market the application designers may need to figure out how to stick into their present position. The Google Play Store is observed to be the biggest application platform. It has been seen that although it creates more than two-fold the downloads than the Apple App Store yet makes just a large portion of the cash contrasted with the App Store. In this way, I scratched information from the Play Store to direct my examination on it.
With the fast development of advanced cells, portable applications (Mobile Apps) have turned out to be basic pieces of my lives. Be that as it may, it is troublesome for us to follow along the fact and to understand everything about the apps as new applications are entering market each day. It is accounted for that Android market achieved a large portion of a million applications in September 2011. Starting at now, 0.675 million Android applications are accessible on Google Play App Store. Such a lot of applications are by all accounts an extraordinary open door for clients to purchase from a wide determination extend. I trust versatile application clients consider online application surveys as a noteworthy impact for paid applications. It is trying for a potential client to peruse all the literary remarks and rating to settle on a choice. Additionally, application engineers experience issues in discovering how to improve the application execution dependent on generally speaking evaluations alone and would profit by understanding a huge number of printed remarks.
I develop Android apps & release on Play Store. As an Developer or say Business Perspective it’s very important to know whether users are enjoying the app or facing any issues. To know this Play Store has a Ratings & reviews section for each app released on play store. Users can submit the ratings and has a freedom to write a review for a particular app. This approach is quite a lengthy to rate & review app i.e. navigate to Play store to submit feedback or redirect leaving a current app workflow to open Play Store App link using URI. I never wanted my customers to leave my application, but with this flow, I are forced to redirect the control to Play store app.
